hello guys and welcome I'm 7-bit and
this is a little walk around a map that
I just finished well I started it I used
to go with someone who mates know I came
up the idea of making stadium and in
Minecraft and we started it when was it
like April April yeah
must have been April yeah and um my dogs
barking shut up dog no no but okay so
I'm yeah I'm just going to walk around
and show you the map and I'll put it up
for download so and some pictures are
hoping it so I'm the world spawn is over
there I'm showing you some of the
decoration I might finish these roads
off just leading off over there maybe I
might and I've got a shadeism they shed
his modern still so that's why it looks
nice and fancy so I'm yeah so this is
just a roundabout we've found him that's
not much um so for this road to build
some coaches I just dial it up some
designs on um also on YouTube and found
some cool ones just edited over there
and yes I've made some coaches leading
into a car park so this is a car park
and you you'll spawn here it's waivable
out here and there's enough coach I
might add some more night cards or
something on the roads just here
and so this we spawn so when you come
onto the map you'll be able to walk from
here all the way
through Tunis let's turn them off you
know all the way to a some stores might
put some stuff in them all the shade was
gonna win oh that's really so yeah these
are some of those shops actually my mate
Todd build a very simple design that's
yeah so he built these and he forgot to
put door now so see ya good carry on
going through here and you also built
the toilets as well I'll put his YouTube
channel anything so that's pretty much
yeah so you built the toilets he's a
pretty cool said strange design as well
because when it thinking when he comes
to daytime not daytime when it gets
really dark he he seemed to make it so
the lights come on when it's dark anyway
so that's gone that's I've got that set
of time to her
all right so these Li turnstiles press
it down they won't show up so this so
when you press one down at bottom left
you'll see it says I wanted I'll take it
one so you can off go left right
straight on and got to the left you'll
go down two and side entrance and the
right side entrance as well so I'm the
actual inside stadium is a WWE ring Hell
in a Cell thing down because I didn't
want to make it footballx as I honestly
football then we'll make it football or
anything on it and I don't think I've
never really seen this done before so
it's made that WWE arena of him so even
made texturepack where I've changed the
paintings of the M over the default um
test back to different pictures from WWE
especially the logo I might need to just
step blank some of them out um for you
YouTube pop your so yeah it's carry on
through one of these and extra detail
I've added seating um numbers and rise
to each of the doors this took a while
because I miscounted when I got about
halfway through so I like to carry her
side to stop stalking and you can also
there were stairs in that part well
which go and just in you go well yeah
and then you've got the overseas gone
down in a cheap sea area and then over
here on the end of each of these rows of
got lounge it's pretty cold and I've had
it back a little TV with pictures of the
map
yeah pictures of a map in it and that's
pretty cool see ya carry on down here
and I've got the other lounge here and
also it's got another TV just there
shine the rim and carry on round here
might put some stuff in here because
it's quite bare moment is the window to
the second entrance er I'll show you
that man this stuff only bit where the
cameras are big dark round here at
moment cuz the shaders and they'll be
changed so yeah this is where the guide
does all the light in since pretty cool
don't do anything but I might rig it up
to some fireworks
so if we carry on and I'm gonna keep my
head down
okay so you can see our back here gonna
add some more um but we go one of the
WWE trucks I I did they all go on
I'm after but I don't really know and
rambling say
you
goes down down just to show you yeah
that is the camera area
see
you
pictures of animals storage
theorem and this isn't even all of it as
you walk out here a clever trip that one
didn't go off something and his ring
so you hope
I heard it and spent a lot time on this
and our the names of people to help me
in need description thanks for watching
and good bye